README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">🚀 DSA Practice Repository 🚀</h1>

<p align="center">  
This repository contains a personal collection of Data Structures and Algorithms questions I have solved since <strong>24-06-2025</strong>.
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://leetcode.com/u/yashasharma21005/">LeetCode</a> • 
<a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/yashasharma210">CodeChef</a> • 
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/profile/yashasharma21005">HackerRank</a>
</p>

---

# 🛸 Project Name

## 📋 List of Questions

<!-- QUESTIONS_START -->

```
1. Course Schedule
2. Course Schedule II
3. All Paths From Source to Target
4. Number of Provinces
5. Find Center of Star Graph
6. Koko Eating Bananas
7. Minimum Number of Operations to Move All Balls to Each Box
8. Redundant Connection
9. K Closest Points to Origin
10.Longest Binary Subsequence Less Than or Equal to K
11.Food Cost [Code Chef]
12.Max Sixers[Code Chef]
13.Sum to 0
14.4Sum
15.Unique path
16.Min Cost Climbing Stairs
17.Longest Common Subsequence
18.Find Subsequence of Length K With the Largest Sum
19.Network Delay Time
20.Counting Bits
21.Minimum Number of Vertices to Reach All Nodes
22.ounting elements in two arrays [GFG]
23.Swap Nodes in Pairs
24.Longest Harmonious Subsequence
25.Last Stone Weight
26.Find Median from Data Stream
27.Find the Original Typed String I
28.Daily Temperatures
29.Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List
30.Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree
31.Find the K-th Character in String Game I
32.Reorder List
33.Find Lucky Integer in an Array
34.Subarray Sum Equals K
35.Finding Pairs With a Certain Sum
36.Divide Two Integers
37.Reschedule Meetings for Maximum Free Time I
38.Longest Repeating Character Replacement
39.Regular Expression Matching
40.Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer
41.Valid Word
42.Find the Maximum Length of Valid Subsequence I
43.Remove Sub-Folders from the Filesystem
44.Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
45.Design Add and Search Words Data Structure
46.Delete Characters to Make Fancy String
47.Maximum Product Subarray
48.Search in Rotated Sorted Array II
49.Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
50.Next Permutation
51.Sort Array by Increasing Frequency
52.Design Browser History
53.Angle Between Hands of a Clock
```

<!-- QUESTIONS_END -->
---

<p align="center"><i>More to come... keep pushing 🚀</i></p>

Commit message:

Pairs of Songs With Total Durations Divisible by 60

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">🚀 DSA Practice Repository 🚀</h1>

<p align="center">  
This repository contains a personal collection of Data Structures and Algorithms questions I have solved since <strong>24-06-2025</strong>.
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://leetcode.com/u/yashasharma21005/">LeetCode</a> • 
<a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/yashasharma210">CodeChef</a> • 
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/profile/yashasharma21005">HackerRank</a>
</p>

---

# 🛸 Project Name

## 📋 List of Questions

<!-- QUESTIONS_START -->

```
1. Course Schedule
2. Course Schedule II
3. All Paths From Source to Target
4. Number of Provinces
5. Find Center of Star Graph
6. Koko Eating Bananas
7. Minimum Number of Operations to Move All Balls to Each Box
8. Redundant Connection
9. K Closest Points to Origin
10.Longest Binary Subsequence Less Than or Equal to K
11.Food Cost [Code Chef]
12.Max Sixers[Code Chef]
13.Sum to 0
14.4Sum
15.Unique path
16.Min Cost Climbing Stairs
17.Longest Common Subsequence
18.Find Subsequence of Length K With the Largest Sum
19.Network Delay Time
20.Counting Bits
21.Minimum Number of Vertices to Reach All Nodes
22.ounting elements in two arrays [GFG]
23.Swap Nodes in Pairs
24.Longest Harmonious Subsequence
25.Last Stone Weight
26.Find Median from Data Stream
27.Find the Original Typed String I
28.Daily Temperatures
29.Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List
30.Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree
31.Find the K-th Character in String Game I
32.Reorder List
33.Find Lucky Integer in an Array
34.Subarray Sum Equals K
35.Finding Pairs With a Certain Sum
36.Divide Two Integers
37.Reschedule Meetings for Maximum Free Time I
38.Longest Repeating Character Replacement
39.Regular Expression Matching
40.Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer
41.Valid Word
42.Find the Maximum Length of Valid Subsequence I
43.Remove Sub-Folders from the Filesystem
44.Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
45.Design Add and Search Words Data Structure
46.Delete Characters to Make Fancy String
47.Maximum Product Subarray
48.Search in Rotated Sorted Array II
49.Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
50.Next Permutation
51.Sort Array by Increasing Frequency
52.Design Browser History
53.Angle Between Hands of a Clock
54.Pairs of Songs With Total Durations Divisible by 60
```

<!-- QUESTIONS_END -->
---

<p align="center"><i>More to come... keep pushing 🚀</i></p>
